# Tiny Tutor Hop Up Parts

This project is a set of replacement parts for the Flite Test Tiny Tutor.

## Motivation

The foam material that came in the kit I bought was warped enough that my
fuselage came out significantly twisted which made it impossible to line up the
tail accurately.  Also the laser cut tail surfaces (work great, but) look so
ugly, especially at this small scale.  I recently purchased an inexpensive 3d
printer and wanted to learn how to do some simple cad drawing, so I set off to
design and print a replacement elevator, rudder, and fuselage.

## Model Format

The models here are developed in FreeCAD (.FCStd is the FreeCAD file format.)
You can open it up, select specific components, export to .stl, import the .stl
into your slicer program, slice, and print.  FreeCAD is free to download and run
and I had experimented with the python interface a few years ago, so I went with
FreeCAD.  It's really simple to install FreeCAD, select the component you want
to print, and export as .stl without needing to learn how to draw 3d parts in
FreeCAD.

## Printer Settings

Recommended settings at the moment are 5% gyroid infill, 1 wall loop, 3
top/bottom layers.  100% flow rate seems to work pretty ok for my spool of
LW-PLA, and otherwise just use PLA settings.  I've experimented with different
flow rates and speeds and only made things worse.

## Completing the Kit

You will need to purchase the Tiny Tutor kit from Flite Test along with their
recommended power pack in order to complete this model.  The parts here are
intended to replace some of the stock parts.

## Flying

I have not flown the completed model yet, but the 3d parts will add weight and
this will change the flying characteristics somewhat.  I am contemplating
scratch building a larger span wing as well.

## License

The files in the FT Tiny Tutor folder are available under the MIT license.  You
may copy and modify them.

## Thanks

This is all an experiment to learn a bit about FreeCAD, learn a bit about 3d
printing, and have fun with a DIY project.